1. A target is ineligible to be assassinated under the following conditions:
	a. When the target is in the following zones:
		i. School Grounds during school hours
		ii. The inside of a car
		iii. Sport practices and games (Practices and games that the target is actively participating in. Targets become live once the game or practice is dismissed.)
		iv. Inside the targets own home. This includes:
			1. House
			2. Garage
			3. Shed
			4. And others deemed by the Gamemaster
	b. During the designated restricted hours. (These hours are subject to change depending on the times set by the Gamemaster.)
	c. When the target is holding the current safety item.
2. A target is assassinated when the assassin manages to create direct contact between the target and water.
	a. Water that is eligible to eliminate a target when coming from:
		i. A water gun
		ii. Spray bottle
		iii. Cup
		iv. Bucket
		v. Water bottle
		vi. Water balloons
		vii. Exploders (only non-direct water based choice)
		viii. And others deemed by the Gamemaster
	b. Water that is ineligible to eliminate a target:
		i. Wet paper towel
		ii. Spit
		iii. Wet sponge
		iv. Wet clothes
		v. And others deemed by the Gamemaster
3. Assassins are not allowed to use physical force to remove the safety item from the grasp of the target. Any assassin in violation of this rule is subject to review by the Gamemaster which may result in ejection from the game.
	a. Assassins are allowed to take the targets safety item if the target leave said safety item off of their person.
	b. Safety items held captive by the assassin are required to be return to the target within 24 hours of the safety item changing. Failure to do so will result in review by the Gamemaster which may result in ejection from the game.
4. If an assassin wishes to recruit assistance they may do so.
	a. Assistants are not eligible to assassinate the assassins target.
	b. Assistants are eligible to hold a target's safety item captive as long as they are not in violation of rule two.
	c. Assistants are required to abide by all rules. Assistants who break any rule put the assassin, of whom they supported, under review by the Gamemaster which may result in their ejection from the game. (Includes both player and assassin.)
5. Assassins are responsible for any and all damage that incur during play.
	a. The school and gamemakers are not responsible for any damage that may incur during the game.
6. Breaking any law during hours of play will result in immediate removal from the game.
7. Assassins are not allowed to physically restrain or attack any target.
	a. This includes:
		i. Pinning a target down
		ii. Holding a target with arms or legs
		iii. Tripping
		iv. Tackling
		v. Punching and hitting
		vi. And others deemed by the Gamemaster
8. Assassins have a responsibility to maintain good sportsmanship. Any reports of unsportsmanlike conduct will be reviewed by the Gamemaster which may result in ejection from the game.
	a. Spitting
	b. Excessive taunting
	c. Bullying
	d. Obscene language
	e. Intentional humiliation
	f. And others deemed by the Gamemaster
9. Any complaint must be submitted to the Gamemaster within 24 hours of the occurrence of the event. All complaints will be listened to and taken into account; however, assassination complaints will not be reviewed after a 24 hour period.
10. These rules are subject to change at any time and without notice. It is the Player’s responsibility to be informed on the most current version of the rules.